Aren't these the governors of the Nga Mi faction?
Zhou Min, you bastard.
It is unfortunate for the sect that Nga Mi has friends.
I'll clean the gate for Emei today.
That's stupid.
You don't need to think.
Who the hell told you that Guo Mingzhu is in the Demonic Cult?
stop talking nonsense
Even he himself said he killed the leader.
Today, this old man wants to crush your devil sect and wants to crush my devil sect.
Then I will wash the blood.
Just like when Master Guo was defeated by me.
Are your martial arts better than his?
Many of us are not afraid.
Ha ha ha, I see you guys want me to kill someone.
If you do not go
Then leave it all to find slowly.
Same as Quach Lang Thien.
Cramps peeling
Turn into a thug, more and more wrong.
Shouldn't he run away?
You want to fight
This leader will fight you.
If you don't want to fight, go away.
I can give you the title of Immortal Village Director.
Not for nothing.
My dad is serious.
He wanted to play tricks on me.
Don't let him fool you.
Currently in the world there is no complete Truong Sinh Tuoc.
Now I decide
Just need to kill Pham Hien
Can be the leader of martial arts.
Leader To, please be a model for us today.
So today I will scout ahead for you to stop him.